vpp: Enhanced memory, buffers, and CGNAT documentation, added troubleshooting (#1687)
vyos/vyos-documentation: docs/vpp/configuration/dataplane/logging.rst

VPP logging is an important part of monitoring and troubleshooting the performance and behavior of the VPP dataplane.

VPP stores logs in two places:

> - ``/var/log/vpp.log`` - This files contains logs related to daemon startup and log of commands executed directly via VPP CLI. Pay attention, VyOS does not use VPP CLI for the configuration, so this log will not contain any configuration changes made via VyOS CLI, and should not be informative in most cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``/var/log/vpp.log`` — This file contains logs related to daemon startup and log of commands executed directly via VPP CLI. Pay attention, VyOS does not use VPP CLI for configuration, so this log will not contain any configuration changes made via VyOS CLI, and will not be informative in most cases.
```

> - System journal - contains logs related to the VPP daemon work, including errors, warnings, and informational messages. It is the main destination of logs generated by VPP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- System journal — contains logs related to the VPP daemon work, including errors, warnings, and informational messages. It is the main destination of logs generated by VPP.
```
